The President: Hi, everybody.
Over the past 52 months,
our businesses have
created nearly 10
million new jobs.
The unemployment rate has
fallen to its lowest
point since 2008.
Across lots of areas --
energy, manufacturing,
technology -- our
businesses and workers
are leading again.
In fact, for the first
time in over a decade,
business leaders
worldwide have declared
that China is no longer
the world's best place
to invest -- America is.
None of this
is an accident.
It's thanks to your
resilience, resolve,
and hard work that America
has recovered faster
and come farther than
almost any other advanced
country on Earth.
Now we have the
opportunity to ensure
that this growth is
broadly shared.
Our economy grows best not
from the top down,
but from the middle out.
We do better when the
middle class does better.
So we have to make sure
that we're not just
creating more jobs, but
raising middle-class
wages and incomes.
We have to make sure our
economy works
for every working American.
My opportunity
agenda does that.
It's built on creating
more jobs, training more
workers, educating
all our kids, and making
sure your hard work pays
off with higher wages
and better benefits.
On Thursday, I traveled to
Delaware to highlight
how we're trying to create
more good, middle-class
jobs rebuilding America:
rebuilding roads
and bridges, ports and
airports, high-speed
rail, and high-speed Internet.
This week, Vice President
Biden will release
a report he's been
working on to reform
our job training system
into a job-driven
training system.
And I'll visit a
community college in L.A.
that's retraining
workers for careers
in the fast-growing
health care sector.
Because every worker
deserves to know
that if you lose your
job, your country will
help you train for an
even better one.
In recent days, both
parties in Congress
have taken some good
steps in these areas.
But we can do so much more
for the middle class,
and for folks working to
join the middle class.
We should raise the
minimum wage so that
no one who works full-time
has to live in poverty.
We should fight for fair
pay and paid family leave.
We should pass common sense
immigration reform
that strengthens our
borders and our businesses,
and includes a chance for
long-time residents
to earn their citizenship.
I want to work with
Democrats and Republicans
on all of these priorities.
But I will do whatever
I can, whenever I can,
to help families like yours.
Because nothing's more
important to me than
you -- your hopes, your
concerns, and making sure
this country remains the
place where everyone
who works hard can
make it if you try.
Thanks so much, and
have a great weekend.